mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: A little loud.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Let's test the audio.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: This will show up on the recording our testing of this. I'm not, you know, whatever test
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the volume this way.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: No, that's my inbuilt.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: How do we care about?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's it. Okay, let's try it little higher.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Think that's reasonable. Yeah. Okay, so networking and
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and go back. And yeah, okay, that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: okay. So and tez, the video looks fuzzy. For some reason, I don't know if we can like, or maybe that's just how it's supposed to work.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, that's smart.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Any matter, does it look better?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Can't tell.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Think we're getting minor improvement? Okay? Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: no, I still look so fuzzy. But you guys under a light, maybe that. Or maybe there's an ideal focal range. They're probably an ideal focal range.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: but it can all hear us there admit.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Hello, you all Speaker Gallery, all right, because I don't have self view on show. A Selfie. Okay, okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so this is more or less working. Now, Jay, is just showing a student an exam, and then has a meeting at 2. So
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the main thing we need to focus on. That's getting the organizational aspects set up here. Cool
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Fabian. If you can just put in the chat that you can see and hear us, just that. We know that the recording is going to be
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: not ridiculous.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, so arguably, the 1st thing that we should do is figure out rules of order and how the committee gets established, but because so far the committee is small, and everybody who's wants to be on the committee is going to be acclaimed. I think we can push that for a later meeting. Rules of order we might want to worry about. I think again that we can push that until we, you know, have people showing up to the committee meetings. Right? So
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I guess, how do we do this? I move that we table the discussion of rules of order and certain organizational issues for a later time.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, we'll do that for now. So the main things that we want to focus on today
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: write down like a some kind of agenda.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Sounds good.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: 1st thing I thought we should do is establish a mission statement.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Make sure we're all on the same page
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and have some kind of focus that we can work back to. If we ever need to.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Next, we should set up some kind of schedule
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: in particular, we'll need to discuss what kind of events we want to plan. Come the fall.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and we'll add a 3rd thing. I know what these vendors are supposed to be comprehensive for other business.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: As we think of things, we'll basically add to this subcategory.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: How does that sound? So far, this one's great. Alright. So then we'll get started on mission statement.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That means just exited. So we're gonna have no idea if this recording is working which is fine.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Alright. So I drafted one
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: didn't love how this ended up. I'll write it out, and we'll decide how much we want to change. So
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: raft of our mission statements.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: air and support, postdocs, press, please.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: or careers in math and stats.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Academia, and then 3
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: through guest lectures.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: writing workshops.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: networking events
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: focused on the job, search, application and interview processes.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: What I don't like about it
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: is this middle part where I list. All the things that we're going to do guest lectures, writing workshops, and networking events. I find that very limiting. But I feel like the specificity it tells us that we're going to do something that we have a plan on how to do it. However, it then kind of limits us to only doing those 3 things
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: which worries me. Yeah, the 1st thing I would like to remove is the writing workshops not limited to just writing workshops, like writing as part of like writing proposals as part of that right, but also can writing your resumes writing other like funding application.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: This task? Right? That's just for writing. But there might be other workshops like how to make interviews like how to do multiple interviews like the host is conscious exactly. This is exactly yes. So removing writing from that will definitely strengthen this. Then we're we're very.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We're very broad. Suddenly we're any kind of workshops
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: it. Somehow it does feel a little redundant, but it does allow us a lot of leeway. Hi, J,
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so this is now the entire committee.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We also at some point have to discuss what a quorum means for this committee. But you know again, that actually have to worry about the other things. Now.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think in the line of removing writing from workshops, we've also removed guests from lectures and networking from events. And we're talking lectures, workshops, and events
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: quite broad.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We're not restricted by any kind of thing. We could individually have lectures. We don't necessarily have to have guests come in, and the events that we do could be any kind of events.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, cool.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: alright. So I think
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that gives us a good broad mandate. We should also talk about postdocs and grad students. There is a thought that we should also open undergrads, but that might give us too broad a focus. We start having to worry about bachelor degrees, and who, you know, where is a bachelor degree in math going to be to
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so are we happy at leaving it at post-docs and grad students, at least for the time being, for the following year? Okay, do we want any verbs on top of prepare and support
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: parent support, I think, is decently broad, but we might want other ones that further focus our mandate
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like, one thing is like before the drop search. Maybe we want to add a little bit like the care where the how you
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: planning or strategy to plan your career, especially for those newcomers as students or 1st year. Phd, students, the yeah, they're saying, Okay, I'm already on the track. But I'm not quite clear like which way we can go for us right before we reach the job. Search part. That's a good. That's a good point. So we'll include into this
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: career planning forward
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and just make it a little more general than that. Yeah, yeah. Now, now, we've got pretty much everything involving careers
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: other than really the education part, which obviously, that's not our mandate.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, I like that
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: other things that we want to talk about here. I was thinking, maybe postdocs and grad students in math and stats for prepare like moving 4 careers after math and stats, moving this or adding another in math, as in to prepare and support postdocs and grad students in math and stats for Career Center. You know what I mean. So it's not careers in math and stats. Yeah, okay, so we'll do this up here, right postdocs and grad students in math and stats for careers in academia and industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That right? Yeah, okay, yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, then the last thing to worry about academia and industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: This is broad. It should cover just about everything. But there is a somebody is going to bring this up at some point. What about the public sector? Does that get included in this
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like from my perspective? It's just like a partial part of the industry. This is also my feeling. So I feel like we won't need to specifically add in a public sector version of this, there's already a public sector version.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: It's quite challenging. I think it will be covered by industry. So we confident, then, that this is going to be broad enough.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, great. Let's
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I move, then, that we adopt this mission statement in this form. Parents support postdocs and grad students in math and stats or careers in academia and industry through lectures, workshops, and events focused on the career planning job search, application and interview processes.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: All right.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We've got a mandate.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, alright. So that covers the 1st item on the agenda.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Any further discussion we want to have on that
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that didn't come back.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Welcome back, baby so we finished our 1st item on the agenda drafting a mission statement. We should now talk about schedule of events. As part of this. We're probably going to need to subdivide the organizational structure of the committee down into who's going to organize what kind of events?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I don't know in which order we should be doing this deciding on who's going to organize what? Or deciding on what we're going to organize?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Do we have a strong opinion one way or the other? Okay, perfect. Okay? Good. Then we will start talking about
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the things that we should be organizing.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Now we've got a few time constraints on the academic side, because academic jobs. Their deadlines start in about mid October, which will give us about 6 weeks of workshop before everybody starts having to apply for stuff.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And that's a lot of material to get through in those 1st 6 weeks. We don't want to put industry off for all 6 of those weeks, so we'll need to somehow figure out a way to do both at the same time, while also keeping in mind the timing for academic jobs.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I thought it might be helpful to list out all the things that are generally required for academic jobs, and then we'll need to list out all of the things that are required for industry jobs.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So academic job.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the application generally consists of your research statement.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: a teaching statement.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: a Cv or resume depending on who you're talking to a cover letter.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and from time to time Media is doing that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Also. Required are 3 to 4 letters of reference.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I feel like I'm forgetting something. Does anybody think I'm forgetting something?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think, that covers the main ones.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So then there's the question of
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: what is required in an industry job.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There's also going to be a Cv, but it's gonna look drastically different from an academic Cv, you already know that?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't believe research and teaching statements would get put into an industry job. Can anybody say that for certain
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like, that's where, like, the government structure becomes an issue? Yes.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: right? Like, yeah, for some of the government jobs like the one you have a research team, and especially those with research associate research. Right? So this is
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: research statement. I'm gonna put the question mark there, or maybe sometimes
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: you know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna do. An asterisk asterisk is pointed to me
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: sometimes, and I'm also gonna put it on the Edi statement down here
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: teaching statement. I don't believe this is an hour away. They can cover later
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: cover letter Devon. We cover letter.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And these 2 things, I think, are going to look very similar, the cover letters in both. There's going to be a job advertisement and the cover letter should respond to that, and pretty much the same way for both of these. So this will be an easy one for us to do for both.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Edi statement that might actually come up. I'm not sure.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Think we might do this right sometimes. Public sector definitely, yes, definitely. But private sector gnarly.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Well, I think there might be some good companies that are asking for. Well, I hope there's good companies that are asking for this in practice. Probably. Yeah, it's just the public sector which is required. They are probably making things now to the mandatory training part. Not in the application session. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: but instead of a teaching statement mentoring statement.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Maybe they're going to ask for. Have you mentored people? Are you aware of what goes into the process of mentoring people? I'm gonna put 3 question marks beside it, because that's how.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And then letters of reference. I assume there are also letters of reference, but I imagine it's not as high as 3 and 4.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I'm going to put as a guess, 2 to 3.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There's a difference.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Anything else that we should be putting on. This will say, bar.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I guess sometimes the teaching statement is grown to like a teaching portfolio. Right? Yes, it's a little bit slash
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: portfolio.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Think someone who's your job sneak like are asking for like projects as well project project portfolios or proposals
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like showcases
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like, what have you done so far? Let's take a look at that honestly, this is very similar to sometimes like it's required in research, which is a research.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Proposal.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: this is very similar to this, you know, but it's it's different. And it's gonna look more like the project proposal
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: with 2 stars. Next to that, that's really it's really rare to have focal post
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: pricing like we should replace that part to like just interview. I think it's coming covered in the interview session. Right? We wouldn't want you to give a
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: a job, Doc. Exactly. Yes. So that's another thing that we should be writing down what gets expected after the
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Add to the whole.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: After the whole application process. Then they took in place. We can almost. We can almost split this up here
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: roughly application.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And then down here
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: nowadays there's a zoom, interview, campus visit, and finally a job talk
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: on the industry side. I imagine that there's rounds of interviews.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: It's similar to academic vote. There's also rounds in academic
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and job talk is in the campus. Yeah. I'm only aware of 2 rounds in academics that you have the zoom interview, and then you have a campus visit
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: as far as I understand, an industry, you can go through months of these things just they're putting you on a shelf waiting for you to become a person that they want to hire.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that you're trying to figure out a way to get out of the rounds of interview.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: They're mostly online.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's how we should split up. We should do for online interviews.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: zoom interviews, which is written that twice and then also in person, introduce, and then
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: similar to the job talk. There may be a project presentation.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't know.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'm gonna slash this and put elevator pitch.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll want people going into industry to be able to give their pitch for why they should be hired in roughly 3 to 5 min.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Not as important for academia
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that. Yeah. If you only have 3 to 5 min to get your job, you're not getting that job in the industry. That's entirely possible.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, that's decently comprehensive.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah. Anything else you want to add to this.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: think we might be good on this? This might be everything that would be going into applying for a job. We're not so right now. This is the application process, the interview processes. We're not talking about job searches. We're not yet talking about career plan.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: you know, but based on time limitation, they should be the priority. These should be the priority, especially for the 1st 6 weeks, where we're trying to get these applications off as fast as possible for the round that we have coming up in the fall.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Industry probably won't be as important, but certainly for academia. There's a very particular window that we're gonna have to hit.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So that we should also. So that will cover what we need to focus on for the 1st 6 weeks we can talk about the job, search and career planning at a later date. Or should we also talk about that now.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like for academia, we should talk about that at least the job search part. Yes, career parts too late. The career? Yes, right? But like the job, search. Yeah, right on time for somebody like like when I'm in search here of my kitchen. I have no idea what math job was. Yeah. Oh, yeah, mathjob.org. We're gonna have to explain.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I brought treats and I haven't been sharing them around. Sorry my-, my head is not going okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I made this. Oh, sample, pass them around.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I'm running out of space on this board. So I would think I want to move over to this other board here.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: It's also going to be important for fall.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And then probably we'll say career planning more for spring where we actually have time to focus on it.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But for the job search. We want to talk about websites like mattjobs.org
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and others I'm currently blanking. We'll want to talk about newsletters and mailing lists.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Seems like every subsequent list, people should be a part of that's name.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So it wears itself.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Anybody hearing, biased or
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and then networking, gonna put advisor.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And I'm also going through conferences.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's an amorphy skill that we'll definitely want to talk about in the spring before everybody goes off to some conferences.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's how you go to a conference, meet people, get a job at a conference
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that one will want to do, mock and triple score. We'll want to have mock conferences where we all go around and suddenly start talking to each other randomly.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: should also talk about university websites.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: It's harder, I think, to do those searches, but they, some universities will only advertise on their own websites. But we should mention that it's not
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: probably as part of that tumble.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, the research net, like in service. So on top of that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: doing for the job? Search? Yeah for the job, searching inside like a subclass of the websites. Yeah. Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so see my HR.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And serve, what's the last one shirk? SSH, rc, yeah, yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: most likely will be sitting in these 2.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But we shouldn't completely discount for sure
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: should just put try cancel with those networks. That well.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think to that point also as part of
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: but then that's up, and oh, my gosh! Oh, that's not a good point.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And I said, not I mean not right now we should mention it. And it's a other national boards
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: other countries. Everybody's got their own funding organization to run no worries. Yeah, you're gonna be an hour and a half hour.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: It's probably helpful. Okay, yeah, when you get back.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: What I wanted to also point out is that there's a question of amongst everything here. Does our mandate include applications
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: or facts.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't believe it does, but it might be something we want to mention, because certainly applications for grants do come up on the Cv.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So it might be something that we want to think about.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'm not saying that we'll put it in any of the events that we plan today, but we should keep it in mind.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'll jump around
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: alright. I think that covers Job search anything we might be missing.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: This is the academic job. Search. That's a good point. This is academic job search
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There must be a canned website, different websites.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: The public sector website is very particular
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: in Canada. I believe that's true of any country that we go to the public sector website that they have. There is
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: gonna be the one stop shop for public sector jobs. But of this. Indeed.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: monster, I think, operates in Canada links in here.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't use it, but I hear it's big, and then, of course, specific.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: How many websites
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: much the same way that some universities will only advertise on their websites. Companies will also openly advertise on their websites.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Probably we should also mention, and hunters
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: how to watch for scams.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I had no idea about that
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: every time, always. It's probably a legitimate job, but I don't know how to tell you. Yes.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, and also you mentioned Oscar. Plus. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: any luck with that? No, no response at all. Especially like, this is the summer. Yeah. No. I reached out to the science and career people last week of the email saying, they're on vacation until Monday. Yeah, still haven't heard anything. So we're probably.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and the panel parts you mentioned like we don't have like a person in Qb, now representing us. Right? This is, gonna be a big thing. You have a person in Qb. Representing you, but it's for ta, so I don't know if that's too broad or not broad enough
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: for grad students to have their participation. Now, grad students do have access to. So you'll be able to talk more about that if we will. Okay, yeah, we are trying to somehow get some level of access to that. We don't. I mean.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: it's really crazy. But like it's also kind of reasonable. We're more like in the staff side, not the student side, and they have to pay a part of their tuition to those like departments. Have those services right? If you're going through the bureaucracy perspective.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But I like we're still classified as Chinese, right? Just giving us like a draw board. I'm having that. Yeah, right? Something.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Let's also hold on.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Silas brought this up alumni Associations
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: alum, alright
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: associations apparently has a growing list of alumni. So we're gonna hopefully tap into that for some of our guests.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, I'll let one more thing stopping talks, coffee tongues
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: here, yeah, about there, or beside the job. Fairs.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Dog bears.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Those are really nice.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, yeah, yeah, very good, very good. Yes. They got a little rocky on the on the bike. Ride over.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Think they mostly stay packed.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay? Feel like that covers the big stuff, certainly, for the job search.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But it'll be harder to tap into networks in the industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: because our advisors are all gonna be academics and focus on the academic sector.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We won't be able to have the same kind of word of mouth access as industry unless we really tap into the Alumni Association.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and so those would probably be good people to get in sooner rather than later.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Job search aspect.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, there's already a lot of stuff that we can talk about event wise. And so
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: it sounds like we're agreed. But we won't do the career planning stage. And
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: until to soldier yeah, until spring, at the maybe not early. Certainly we're not gonna worry about. We won't worry about it until fall.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I wouldn't even start this on that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So then we've got enough stuff here to start talking about events.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Let me let's try and figure out what we want to start with of these things that we've now got written up
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: job search definitely a part that's earlier in that process. So it might make sense to start with the job search event.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: How are we feeling about that
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like we're gonna do parallels not parallel
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: at the same time. Right? You have to prepare like this. Yeah, anyway. Yes, right.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that's true. Alright. So some kind of parallel event.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, how's that? Gonna pop up? Let's talk. Let's talk. Event one.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Or are we still in broad scopes?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Let's try coming up with an event, one
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so main focus of event, one, I have a broad overview or something specific.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like, let's starting with, like the resume part which can be playing the role of like the impacts for everything kind of like organizing your experience. And
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: if I get an idea like what job you are going into search, what type of skills you have.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And there's also kind of like a having a process. You have to come like the polish. Your job location goes so we can start and say, one more run right
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: because we want to make sure that they understand. Your resume is not just the thing that tells what you've done. It's a set of goals. You want to fill out your resume with everything that you want to get done
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: by doing it and then putting it on the resume. So
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: all right. And that's it's the resume is great because we have academic and industry that happened them versus
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll have to separate. What an academic looks like and what an industry one looks like, and what roles are on each of those
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we'll need to touch briefly, then, on how to achieve each of those goals
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: on the academic ones. Everyone's always asking grants awards. Have you shown that you can be an effective researcher. And as other people said, Yes, you can be an effective researcher.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: How are you going to put that onto receiving
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: always a challenge industry? Pretty much the same idea, I believe. How are you going to be an effective worker? What has so far gone into proving that you are an effective worker? How are you going to achieve those goals that you need to put on seeding?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: You know the like part of them never worrying about this is like, do we have a good enough person for the industry?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So we have been a guest speaker, we can definitely find a guest speaker for an academic somewhere that shouldn't too worried about that. I've already reached out to Anastasia and Bartech. Talk about something, and we'll just need to get focused on what exactly industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: My 1st thought is to use Silas's alumni list. Reach out in there and find somebody who's gotten a job with the Math and Stats degree. Have them come in and talk about how they wrote their industry. Cv.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Other than that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Don't have too many ideas. I have some friends from my Master's degree who have gone on to industry positions, but their career paths seem highly particular. Maybe that's what we want to talk about. Maybe we want to have that focus of sometimes you just land. That doesn't seem helpful. Yeah, for people actively looking for industry jobs. But maybe there's some insight that we have there.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: The 2 things. There. I'm gonna go statuses alumni
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: list. I put Silas along my list. We obviously like a more official alumni list. But apparently this doesn't exist
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: which is bizarre. It's possible that we might have to do some more taking to find it more official than other ones personal contacts.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'll reach out to my personal contacts and see
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: who wants to talk about this of.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Now that brings up an interesting question.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: This is going to. If this is going to be done in parallel. We're essentially going to have 2 guest speakers in the same workshop
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: talking about almost 2 different things, and then it's possible we'll then be asking them back next the week after to talk about something else related to the job. Are we comfortable with that? Or you want to have
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: this individualized structure for each of them.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't love an individualized thing because it means 2 people in the room less discussion.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We're not talking about similarities. We're only talking about differences. So I like the idea of having a split down before we can talk about both.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But that is going to put some constraints on who's going to come and talk, and how often they'll be able to talk. Got you
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: what we might do now we're talking more about format than we are talking about content.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: or in the book I'll put down the format fit. Here.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We might find it record presentations
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: of the industry people and play those before. So that might be more feasible. Yeah, like a podcast format.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: free board issues, we have the attendees, submit questions ahead of time that we'll ask the people record those.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We can bank those presentations then, and use them in kind of this dual format that we do both. At the same time the academic people not not to treat them as just free all the time, but we can just ask them to come down almost whenever I feel like. If they want to do pre recorded as well, we'll obviously offer them the option. But I'm expecting that we can do the in person
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so also in person presentations.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: One of the things that I would really like us to do is Q&A's where we have these speakers. Respond to questions, specific questions from the attendees, and also for us to prepare some insightful questions about the process. Because we've been through the process. We know some of the hurdles from the middle of the specific things that we want to work on.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'm also going to include in person one actually for both.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: You end of day, session time.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and in particular, for this 1st event.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: what we want is a writing workshop
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: where we workshop ideas on the resumes where everybody compares these things. Now that's going to.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think I don't think the camera can pick it up. But just in case yes,
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the issue is going to be that we're going to start off with presentations and a Q&A, and immediately go into the writing workshop. Nobody's going to really have time to learn things from here and then use it there.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So there's a thought here that we split this into 2 parts over the same week, or separate weeks, where we have the presentations. And then we come back later to show what we've learned and how we've improved our Cvs. How are we feeling about that? Do we actually feel that we can do
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that? Many workshops that's gonna double us some time during the time.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Think of it.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I'm a little bit hesitating about the workshops here like that is the frequency of like this type of workshop. Because the question is like, now we're covering post office and graduate students. We all have a supervisor who will be actually the best person to actually helping us on the resume, or at least the review of the resume. Right. So it's not like really necessary to have like a workshop, especially for the female side. Right?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Right? This is true. Yes, industry, though industry, though. But the problem is like, I don't think like the industry. People have the time to do that thing. I probably don't, and that was great. And also I'm not sure for us. For post office students. They have the order services out there, and they have like one on one sessions. So I think the idea would be better to just list off
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: those resources and give some templates. That would be better way. I do love a good template. Yes, okay. So we're going to cross off the writing workshops, then the workshop, at least for the 1st event. What we might want them to do is after a number of weeks when we talk about all these things that need to be written.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We then have a workshop that is dedicated just to everybody, bringing in examples of the parts that they're worried about, and then we can rehash those.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So this would be then an event.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'm going to pencil it in as event Number 6 a writing workshop.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I guess we could possibly leverage some of the previously existing like library stuff that would do this
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: writing workshop. Yeah, because I think they run like nondescript writing. I mean, it's possible that someone involved in that wants to. You know, that would be amazing if we get more help on. Yeah, I think at this stage we're looking for as much of it wants to.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We can definitely reach out to the library and ask how they do their writing workshops, and also casually mention, hey, do you want to run one for us? There are. There's a number of organizations within the university that are all somehow in and around doing something like this at some point in time. For various reasons, we want to obviously be hyper focused on our mandate now.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So it's a question of who we ask. Student success Center would also
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: love this, but more for undergrads. Probably right. The library are the people to talk to first.st
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, we'll have to figure out a schedule before we contact them to make sure that we can.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: you know, get them on a on a proper basis. Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: yeah. For the industrial side. The thing is like, we're talking math and stats. This seems sounds to be really special. Right? Require some level of practice. I try, like, like my career services departments is not really helpful. Right? So I'm thinking, like what kind of like department level resources we can have right? Especially, we have a finance mathematic programs. And
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we're we had. Yeah. But we're might no longer have them anymore. But we still might have the resources out there.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We can ask what he's got on this. He must. I?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'm really hoping, related to my industrial jobs based on my emails with Bartech.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't think you're all Ccp. Based on the way they've been rolled out. There is the same lack of resources of any kind within the department we got CC'd a bunch of people who are all tangentially related to careers.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and it's not clear
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that any one person is in charge of that so part of our mandate may end up being as part of our support mandate is, would be to establish some of these resources on the faculty level. So that's why we're going to keep talking to Bartech. Right? Also, I think, like the like for inviting some guest speakers from industry. Right? Yeah, like using the departments titles definitely, much, much better than we ask personally, that's true.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Someone like David for the financial contract or something. Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: He used to be the head of the finance firm before, but he was the one with all the contacts. He's retired. But I I don't know. He's still around.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, we can. We'll definitely have to talk to him. But we'll need those contacts. But you are. I think you are absolutely right. We what we want more than anything, for the department is the letterhead. Yeah, we want that signature box saying, this is official official, and what we might want to do is get a faculty advisor on the committee who is able to send out those kind of emails on our behalf.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We can also just sound very professional. I think ourselves just put in the
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: there. Yeah, like, the thing we're syncing is like, there's a difference
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: in the industrial job like the I think for some of this stuff right in wanting an Hr person is more efficient than wanting one of our alumni like, if we're only constrating ourselves to our personal contacts. The best chance we can get is alumni right like that's helpful at some level. But I think the Hr.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: More we'll definitely need an Hr person for the interview process, or Hr. Or like Pr. Related person. It's a department title for the big help it's going to be. It's going to be huge. They're not going to respond. So that's that's a very good point. I guess the other thing just reiterating Silas's previous remark. I guess steering the
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: industry contacts. It's like it's, you know, it's easier to find.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: you know, a path to industry for people that kind of do, applied math. But maybe also trying to highlight that like getting the paths for people that do more pure things. This is this is a great point.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I haven't put an organizational structure in here. I'm just gonna put notes on the side here.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll need
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: David's contact list or industry department letterhead or invites
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: need to think about industry and pure.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and I guess if David is the contact on the finance side, then I would assume that Anna so would be the contact on the insurance side of things.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: He seems to be the insurance person it is, and and as far as contact lists, pretty interesting.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So the notes or sorry no like honest Abdallah. Oh.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: yeah, I don't think those have to.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: He might might.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But we definitely have some material science tab. That's true. That's very true
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: inside our department. And I badly, definitely gonna have some resources related to insurance. Right? Yeah, I mean, one of the people in my personal context, got into insurance. Oh, it's definitely it's definitely a big thing. But so far that has been almost entirely applied. Mathematics pure math.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's gonna be a hard one, right? Yeah. Where? I mean, we'll figure outers.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, I don't. I don't think it's for us to figure out how pure math is in the industry job to figure out how to use. I don't. The one with the one company with connection to Mcmaster is
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Omnium is like a the data driven
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: consumer packaged goods. What do you call this consulting company? And there are 2 pure math grads from Waterloo, and they do have connects with Matt.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Specifically, Greg has worked with him before
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'll describe that omnium. OMNI,
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, think that's gonna be logistics.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Logistics to me. Makes a lot of use of grass, and I would have also thought topology a lot of pure mathematicians. Exactly. We don't want to send them all to Amazon warehouses.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But that's definitely a good place to start. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: a really good place to start.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay? So we- we do have some kind of a plan. Maybe we can reach out to Omni and Eric are in here. Talk about pure math and industry, how we?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So then, event, one
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: sounds like we're getting close to figuring this out. What a 30 min presentation from an academic speaker talking about questions. Go on your Cv. Probably, Bartech, because he's on the hiring side of things.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and then in industry, we'll need to reach out to maybe an Hr. Person, maybe one of our contacts or alumni saying, What's on your CD. What's on your industry? CD, point of view that grad school
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and we might have that be a pre-recorded presentation
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that gives us 30 min for each.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There'll be some Q&A. Either in the Pre. Recorded, and also then at the in person that'll comprise the hour.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and this will give them some information about how to start writing a Cv.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and then we'll also include them at the end of that
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: handles
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: both of our speakers right and even like super accessible. If it could be like some over leaf template, that's really good.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We might have to do that ourselves. Yeah, yeah, my volunteers tributeful.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Can you just check to make sure that there's nobody trying to get? Yeah, you think there'd be some kind of notification? Let's see
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: just be at the top. I can't see at the top that there is any notification.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Alright, I think, that covered our 1st event. Then we know what this is. Gonna look like
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we should. Then I mean, how many of these things you want to plan?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Let's let's try planning out
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: 1st 6 of you. We already know that 6 is going to be a writing workshop or one of these numbers. Do we want to copy this format event? Number one or the next
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: fine
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: covering, different kind of statements that will lead. I think it has a really nice symmetry, and then also, if the industry people are super busy, we could possibly
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: you. You know this. This could be some asynchronous, you know, set of tasks for them to record these videos at some point, and then we could paste them out, you know.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yes, exactly.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That would be. I think that'd be very helpful. Because we're not. We're not stressing too much on. We might try and set up the same kind of interview for each of the industry people, and then somehow collect the relevant portions for each of the workshops that we have. Yeah, I mean, we could even like try to just zoom call them for some
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: 2 h period and just chop it up. And you know, I think that's a great idea. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like, since we have this nice stuff, and we can have about this size of classroom running remotely or in the hybrid mode right like I don't. This not not necessary to have those industrial person in person.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: not as unique industry. I know everybody likes to give an in person talk rather than online talk.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: You know, we we're limited by the universe. I think I think that would be a good compromise for everybody to get pretty important stuff, you know.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Be a good compromise on time and advocacy.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Alright. So then, we know sort of the format. Then, for the 1st 5 or so, and then we'll finish off that section with the writing workshop. So it's a question called, What order do we do these in?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Obviously we have to start with the application process. So we know number one.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: See views after that. What are we looking at?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And I think the second one is should be some job search stuff.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Right? Like, if they don't have a part job like the power adder. Yes, that's very true. No, yeah. Now you've thought about your skill set. Let's now match it up, Job. You can actually take on
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like to this part. We can be trying to do some part ourselves, and maybe add some other resources right? At least opinion side. We know.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think, good enough stuff. So this format, then, will be more of a a land or workshop that we lead as a committee.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: maybe let roachel
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: where we go over all of these things together as a group
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the industry people, we might have again, with the pre recorded presentations. Just ask how you got your job, what what means? And then I'm not sure how this is possible. But if we're having the department title, we can ask some Linkedin, or indeed, guys. And I think we have, like a certain amount of interest
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: to doing this task? You think so? I mean, these are highly intelligent people looking for jobs, indeed, monster, how are these people not going to leave office, especially Linkedin, just trying to get everywhere
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: for volunteer options. Now they have to have a Linkedin thing. The department sends nothing around. Every day.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We need to find the correct person. Indeed, monster.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: etc. I don't even think anybody uses monster anymore, but
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: used to it when I was improved. Spokesperson.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But again, that might be a pre recorded, or if they are really eager, they might find in person talk us through their website. Basically, the other thing with the job search is. I don't exactly know how this is constructed at fields, but they have these like various
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: kind of like
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: career, focused things like, you know how they have their like cyber security program. And they have these. So I don't know. Maybe someone from Fields to talk about their kind of career in there several times. And the point is like they have those systems out there. But they're also struggling to what we're struggling. Okay, okay? So maybe they're not the best. Yeah, that's kind of sad. Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: like that. They then we have more resources than we do. They can invite, like industrial speakers by a lot, and like those from the former companies like I'm in House and myself, the problems of they are inviting at the manager level and like the
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: talk really nicely to us, but they never have like details suggested to us. And they all saying, we're really looking to, to working with mathematically and statistical guys. But all the job posting on their websites is to us from their website.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That sounds we're so eager to have you with us. We're not going to tell you how you become part of us, but we're so happy that you're trying. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, my God, I mean, that's just that's just a suck part for me, plus yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That made me think of something, and then I immediately forgot it, and I can't remember what it was. I'm sorry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I guess the other thing, too, is I was talking to one of Anastasi's grad students, and he was saying that he was frustrated with the fact that
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There's no like you can't access the Co-OP opportunities. A grad student.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So so maybe I don't know if there's some way to.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I mean, obviously, they're not going to allow grad students to do co-OP, but like maybe some way to access that network that Mcmaster already maintains, somehow, like expanding, not calling it a co-OP. But this is a network that Mcmaster has. They already have it so why can't the tap into that?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'm gonna put that down here?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, the Co-OP call. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: right? I think that has something to do with that stuff right?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And I think they also post those like from a question poster call opportunities to also help us.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think that's the idea. Well, I think that is the idea. In practice. We don't know if that's actually happening. One of the things that we should do in part of the research aspect of this workshop is finding out. If that's true, if that's true. Yes, I I think we haven't really talked about the research side of this workshop. We're going to want to get a bunch of numbers, you know, on who's getting jobs. How are they getting jobs? Percentage of the department that goes on to actually get work in the field, particularly
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: these are numbers that the university should have, but also based on my conversation inside of us, they don't have. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So part of, I think our task would be to put those numbers. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And I think that will then be part of this is finding out how exactly coal and Oscar plus connects to one another. Yeah, and how we can use that to our advantage. Yeah, that's a very good point.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Basically, the other thing for the job search is a lot of times, you know on math jobs. They say, like, you know, we're open to any research area that aligns with our department's interest. Yeah. So maybe some some spreadsheet, just, you know, taking the like, whatever 12 main interests of our department, and just going through all at least Canadian schools and saying like, is there a tenured faculty member that does this type of research at this school. I don't just love that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's great, not really natural set, or but I'm gonna put it there. Spreadsheets on department interests.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And I'm going to specify new 15th
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: U. 15 is a good organization that we can start with, because it's Canadian. Most of the people are going to be applying for them. They're the best schools in the country when it comes to research.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And so we'll definitely have post information from them, and we'll be very representative of where people are. So that would be a good list to start with.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: After that we would probably want to start looking at r. 1. Schools in the United States. That's gonna be a whole.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I mean, No. r. 1. Schools are the same. No pair of r 1. Schools behaves at the same way. So that's gonna be that's gonna be a challenge
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: starting with you for Gmail. Much more manageable.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That does mean that our second event job search is going to be quite long and unwieldy. Yeah, there's gonna be a lot of stuff that we're gonna try and cover in fashion.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think it's good to try and cover all of that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But we do have to keep in mind that we're gonna have to make it tight. So we'll have to. We'll have to have more meetings. Then about how we're gonna organize that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There's gonna yeah. There's gonna be some research aspects of it as well that we'll have to try and get through. Most of that's going to be talking to people
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: at Oscar Plus University, unfortunately, over this arm.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But we are going to have to struggle through that. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I believe that's going to be number 2, number 3. We go back to the writing.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, back to the application, I'm thinking. Number 3, cover letter.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Once you found the job you write, the
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: this is arguably the hardest one, you know.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: because it's the most subjective. What might be a good idea to have that be next.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: though I think most of the questions are gonna come about these 2
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: or academic jobs. Yeah, unfortunately, there's not someone industry that's comparable.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But like, we don't need to be like, we smashed on both sides. Especially, we have like a time limitation for a demon job, we can focus on more on demand job nice. We already have the even number one and 2 in parallel structure. Yeah, and we can focus on a little more on keeping the job. That's very true. That's very true.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Colorado. First, st like the 3rd one.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think, like in the universities, level like at the female level, the providers are almost like have the same structure.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the dresser Trast.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Those positions? Yes, right? So. The only thing that makes me hesitate on this is that in the cover letter you are supposed to give an executive summary of all of the other material you're sending out. And so
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: you almost want to talk about the cover letter, even though the most important thing you almost want to talk about it last? Yeah, just challenge, because we don't. I don't think we should leave it to last, but also
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: essentially as part of this part of the workshop, then is going to be, and this is where you put the executive summary of your, but also it might be easier for them to write executive summaries of their research and teaching statements in the cover letter and then figure out what the research teaching should be. Think of dynamic, you know. Have them all looped together.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, so I've convinced myself again. Number 3, cover letter. I agree. Okay, they are.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We're progressing with the schedule of events. We're up to the 3rd one.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: How much of this do you want to get filled in?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, so the format we've got so far for events, one and 3 is to have 30 min for academic 30 min for industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Generally speaking, there's going to be a guest speaker for each of those for the industry ones we're looking at pre recording their presentations and getting actually a bunch of industry speakers into a single block, all talking about cover letters. Well, for the 1st one resumes and Cvs for the 3rd one cover letters and then for the academic side. We'll just have somebody come down
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: again not to treat them like they're just cattle, but I expect we can get somebody to come down and talk about. Yeah, cover letters.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: For the second event, we're going to be looking at job searches, and that's going to be more of a a workshop. We're going to sit down and do a bunch of searches and talk about the different things that go into the searches. I don't. Yeah, we
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we can get industry people to come down from, indeed, or monster or Linkedin and talk about job searches there. That'll be handy.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But we should plan on doing that ourselves.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So then that brings us to Event Number 4,
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we're keeping on with the application
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we've got on the academic side research teaching and edi statements
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: on the industry side, we basically have
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: any other statement that we want to put in an industry portfolio that gets sent out.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: The question is, now we're getting into hyper specifics for industry and academia. Do we continue to do this in a hybrid format, or do we split them up into one academic one industry?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think we can do the speech especially. We're having a time limitation for obtaining, so they might want to 1st have the research and teaching statements as a combination and
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: 4, and then we don't want all of these together
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: into the portfolio. We'll have some kind of portfolio session when we talk about portfolio.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There are 3 common letter, one Cv.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And then portfolio.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: It's gonna lump in every other statement that industry requires. So we'll put together.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: which is most is gonna look more like a portfolio, I would say, and it's going to look like a bunch of statements.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: but for that one we'll need somebody to come in and say one way or the other what that is supposed to look like, yeah. So that'll again be
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: our recorded
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: our pre recorded presentations will ask everybody, what did your portfolio look like? Did you need a portfolio. Did you not need a portfolio? This will depend really on who we're talking to on that list.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So these might be a lot of pre-recorded talks
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that we do over zoom over the summer, so
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we won't worry too much about the task that we need to get these done
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: yet, but I think we should, we will need to at the end of this meeting, come up with a list of tasks
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that we'll need to split up amongst ourselves.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and then from there fighting workshop. Absolutely. Yeah. Happy to have some other input on this.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So it looks like we've got our 1st 6 events. If we are keeping the writing workshop as Number 6. The thing that we haven't talked about that is very important for the application process is letters reference. Do we talk about letters of reference in its own workshop.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Think we're talking about an hour for each of them?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, I don't think you need an hour. I don't know what we would talk about, you know.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And I think at some point it's probably where at least graduate students, right? Supervisors plus committee members that's concentrated for. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't know. There were definitely 2 members on my committee that I did not feel comfortable asking for letters.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: You like the externals. Right?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: You don't put people.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, but like the Ta supervisors.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, ta, supervisor, okay. For like the teaching, yes. So when there are 4, and sometimes when there are 3, I think that's in.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah. So there's there's stuff to talk about, right? Like, should you request at some point during your ta or lecturing, that you have some. You definitely.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't know if you've done this yet. When you are an instructor as a postdoc, you have somebody come by and look at you informally, with the intention that they will then write a letter of reference for you. This has not
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: happened right in most cases, right. The person doing this has done it in such an informal way that any letter it's written it's incompetable. So
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think our department does have a formal process for requesting this. Now, is that true?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There is not a formal process for requesting this. Now, okay, what you can do, what I did.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and this was not, I guess the norm. I asked Mcpherson to come in and look at. Look at my teaching. Okay, and do a course refinement. And then, based off of that I asked for a teaching reference from the Mcpherson Institute representative, who looked at all of that with me.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That, I think, is a better pathway forward, because it's more rigid, it's more structured.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I it was not the norm, though, because Mcpherson Institute Guide did not, had not done that before for anyone else. So I think what we might want to do is if we put that forward as an option for the Teaching Reference letters in the workshop to talk to Mcpherson Institute about having this be a path that this is something that they could do like that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Because I think I think honestly, it's the only way we're gonna get teaching reference letters. I don't think
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I I think it's gonna be tough to get professors in the department doing that. I think that would be ideal
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: but it still leaves us with the question of Where do we put letters of reference? Because obviously we do have like a 15 min, spiel that we could should maybe talk about for letters of reference for honestly, both academic academia and industry.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But it's not gonna come up. Cover a whole hour.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Where can finance together with Cdi statements?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, so I was thinking of putting it in with edi statements and with research and teaching students.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: My things get to split it because this this will take a while.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So combining these, maybe that could be 5.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Well, probably that is the industry version of 4, 6. Yeah, so this will do. Then 6. Then we'll put 7.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Take it back here. Its face
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that the that gives us our 1st half of the fall semester. Yeah, okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that's good. Seems like a good plan.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: honestly, this we don't probably don't have to worry about until late in the fall when people actually start getting offers for Internet.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So we can probably put a PIN in that, for now we've already done well over an hour. Now
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: for this 1st meeting, so
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: probably start to wrap it up. But we now need to start talking about, though, is how we're going to establish how we're going to do this now that we decide what we're going to do? How are we going to do?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Or maybe one question, yes, for the number 2. Yes, I guess this is more for grad students. But like, I guess, the big question before the job search is understanding, like the academic culture, and that like, you know. You take the post up at the r. 1, or you take the, you know, full Professor job in the middle of nowhere. And how does that affect your future? You know, like, because I guess, like this is more so like you want you want some job abstractly, the future. And then these these jobs are kind of.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: we wanna ask them, is which jobs to prioritize
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: both stuff versus wrong as an example.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Now, that's a great question and it turns out that it varies moment to moment, right? And so somebody told me at some point that they had gotten a professorship. It was a professorship.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Obviously they had to go and take it, and then they got offered the most amazing postdoc position that they had to take. And so there was this complicated mix of well, you said, yes, this professorship. Now you don't want it. What the hell's going on here? It was like. No, it was a very prestigious postdoc position, so there are some postdoc positions that will override professorships, but I think those are few and far between, and so we'll want to stress that for that. I think we'll want to have somebody come in and speak to that as part of the academic job search.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And there's also like teaching oriented. That's true. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: teaching versus research.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Honestly, the way they describe teaching professorships here. I don't think they've figured out teaching professorships. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I don't know that we want to be advising people from teaching professorships given.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Given the weird workflow that they're currently under
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that being said, a job's a job.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: There will be also good to have somebody talk with regards to that, probably barsec again. I don't know. He's not really into the chat service side of things.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Alright, does that cover everything that we want to talk about for these 1st 7 events?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, okay, I bring a lot of stuff here
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: just gonna have to take pictures because I'm not writing it down yet.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so now we need to decide
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: who's going to do what and how we're going to do this, what needs to get done?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Why are you trying to fit this thing
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: alright cool.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll see.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll need to contact speakers
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and part of that record the meeting.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll try and write that better.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Good.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That'll probably be the biggest time suck of all of these things, finding people who will speak and reporting their speaking
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: separately, getting academics to sign on.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That should be easier. That should just be us calling up our supervisors and asking them to come down for a sec
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and for bars that gig getting some of the department side people who are in charge of hiring down
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: other things that we need to think about.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll want templates for all of the right.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll want templates for a research segment teaching segment. Cv. Cover letter. The I statement.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: drive, yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Well, please.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: or a onedrive which is attached to the university. Oh, that's true. We are a 1. We are a Microsoft school. Yeah.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: unfortunate it is. It is unfortunate. So we'll- we'll use one of these.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I yeah, I gotta say, I hate how onedrive works. But at least we all definitely have a onedrive attached to the university.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's what we can do.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that we can then also share with other people in the university to put things up. So this might be the one to go with
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Other things that we need to think about.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll need to do some research.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, but like, okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: got it.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's awesome
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: research, wise, basically. Just, you know everything that's going on in all of the events.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Mostly the job search, though.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: doing somebody switched over to our subscription.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We'll need to advertise around. So on that note, we'll need a website.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, we'll need a website for the workshop.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Like. I think we can just treat this whole thing as like a department, so we can save some effort on that. I would hope so. I would hope so. Now the thing that they tell me I don't know how much specifically, is that the Department has very little control over its own website. I think that is true and can't really update things as on a week to week basis. You know, I don't know. I think that 4 centers that's happening.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Sorry for Sanders now. Okay, so I think then we will talk with Emily about establishing a website
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and then updating the website regularly with all of the events
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: other advertising things that we should think about mailing list. But I talked to Emily about this already, and she says, just forward it to her.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: You know best.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: apparently, that should still go through Madeline. I'm not convinced by that, but that's what she says.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Beautiful
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: other things
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: scheduling we can't do anything about until we have everybody's actual schedules down the professors currently have theirs or tentative ones. None of the postdocs have any of theirs
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and grad students. I'm assuming ta positions don't get posted to like ours.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: if not somehow. 1st week of September. Oh, Jesus, okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But we'll definitely have to have a schedule before the 1st week of September, so we'll deal with that does, I guess, raise the question of when we would like to be having this. I'm guessing an evening is better. Probably 5 30 might be more manageable than something earlier. I think so, because then we don't have to worry so much about courses going on. The issue is then, of course, 6, 30. We'll obviously have food whether cater or
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: on that note. Siam student chapter apparently can help us with catering. Well, I think it's going to be the cookies again and the coffee.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't think we should be too excited about the catering, so the question is like, Do we have like funding for this? We apparently can get a little bit. Lays was CC'd on my last email with Bartek, and he is in charge of the student chapter. This I am student chapters, apparently reorganizing, and as part of that, apparently we might fall under its catering services, so we might get something on that end.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: The other question is, if one of the big industry people want to sponsor, I don't know. Is that a thing that you do like. I think that's too much effort. Well, as part of our research into the job search and and getting people, we might just mention it to somebody. Hey?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Do you have money for us? No, just like, you know. Bring it up.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: oh, so like on that note.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, it might help on that note. Sounds like there were people that we should be contacting.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I can't remember if I talked to everybody.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Oh, I did get verified. Okay, shoot.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: A lot of people weren't helpful. We didn't respond. If there's other people around the university that we want to be talking to that, we can figure that out, probably over the summer.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So on our in more general context, not necessarily contact speakers, but general content.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So that's going to be all part that's going to be Qp.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the call, Mcbain, I don't think, is going to be able to help us on this. They're focused more on leadership training, and I don't think there are people we want to talk to about this. I talked to Emily about this, and she said she's had no contact with them which really suggests they're not going to be a helpful bunch. I don't know any mathematicians who are currently part of their program, otherwise I would ask them, Is this worth our time?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So think I don't think that's gonna be affected.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Other general context that we should be thinking about.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: We want to talk about now reaching out to Opart and Qp.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: yeah, I can mention that in a bit. So I haven't done that yet, because I want to have a general discussion before we do that. So now concerning part is for post office, like we don't have access to surface. Even the job board is not open for us. I try different ways, different login mass
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: masses using my map master credential and none of them work and already send out to like emails to the career services, who should be responsible for this platforms and no response were.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: now, it's about 10 work days.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, right? So I'm thinking, races to Qe or part level.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So we can have some discussion about, like if we can actually gather access, or if there's some way we can bypass the limitation we have.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I mean, it's a very arbitrary limitation.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I don't see any reason why they don't want postdocs getting jobs through. Oscar plus doesn't make sense. I mean, they might come back and tell us no. In fact, this is very intentional, because postdocs, let's have them actually say.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, I think it's safe to 1st outreach to old part first, st
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: because, like this is still not escalating to content. Now, if we wish to keep you, we don't know how that goes to the like the universe itself, and we will raise this up to par 1st and see how to react.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That's a good. That's a good idea. I would want Opar, I think, in on this sooner rather than later. So yeah. So I'll mention, like the where, like organizing a gender workshop or like
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: the events for searching for like assets, test students and post office part of that. And we're trying to like, get access to those purpose and see what to get us. Okay, perfect
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so that's going to take care of Opart. Then Qp. Will wait on. I believe there are still stewards. I just think there's no lead steward, but I don't know how that works. I don't know how Qp. Works. So for any postdocs who happen to be watching this definitely. Go to the next. Gmm, where we'll be electing a lead steward for postdocs.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I know this probably means that one of us is gonna get roped into doing that so
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: but still show up and go home.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, does that cover everything that we need to get done before September.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: If we do forget something, we can always email each other. We've got the email chain going. We can email each other about
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: what needs to get done. But I think this covers the main aspects of what needs to get done.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay? So then, it's a question of who's doing what
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: it sounds like we're all contacting various speakers. I have my personal number. That I'm going to reach out to style is going to give me his alumni list. I will start reaching out through that. We need to find Hr people somehow. This I'm not so sure about.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah, I can working on that. But I think we should talk with Spark up first.st Got it like the part of the type hold. Yes, yes. Okay. Yes.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Department letterhead back with the advisor.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so that's going to be step one. Then I will follow up with Bartek then, and I'll CC you. Then on the new email, so that we're all we're all in on that conversation about getting a faculty advisor and department official department letterhead for the workshop.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And then from there we can start reaching out beyond that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So that's really gonna be step one. Then for next week, when we start contacting speakers.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Every does. Everybody have speakers that they think that they can reach out to? Or
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: how do we want to do with do with that? I don't think there's a too many speakers problem. I think if we ask a bunch of people, and they all say, yes, we're just gonna have a lot of pre-recorded interviews, a lot of things that we cut together.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I think we can all just reach out to as many people as we can think of in industry and academia, about getting stuff done
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that feel good, interesting templates.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I have some from when we ran a very tiny version, 3 version version of this last semester. It's very light.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and honestly, they're bad templates, but they got people hired.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So we'll continue using those, because obviously they were effective. But we should try and find something a bit better. There's a few websites we can lean back on.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: so I think people should keep an eye out for templates on.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: If the note there, we'll start up a okay, let's decide. Google drive or onedrive. How are we feeling
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: who feels very strongly about using onedrive?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay? Who feels very strongly about using Google drive.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay? If there is. Okay, let's go with onedrive. We use onedrive because it is technically official department stuff. We can share everything a bit more easily on that.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Once I figure out how sharepoint works, we might be able to use that. But I do believe it's that's different than one drive. It's different. Okay, it's essentially.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: it's not meaningfully different, but somehow different and slightly easier to share things. But it's also post docs aren't allowed to use it.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I would have to get special access, so it might not be worth us going through that when I'll look into it. Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and then I think we shouldn't have everybody do research into all the things that we're talking about. So we should establish. Who is going to do research on. Let's start with the job search. We have a number of things there on the job search.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: You want to do that. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Great.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: What else was there, we should try and compile a list of websites that we should be looking at. Not so much university websites, but things like mathjobs.org, like the Tri Council, like Nsf
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: that we can lean back on.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Who's got the time to go through websites.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay? Great newsletters and mailing lists. These are harder. I think we might want to talk around the department and see who's on what mailing list. So that'll probably be part of our contact speakers is finding out what mailing lists are.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And so that will also then be word of.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, for the industry side of things Yasko Plus is ongoing Alumni Association. We should try and find out what details we can get from the Alumni Association with regards to career advancement. How that's going.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Somebody out there has to have a list of job fairs. So this should mostly just be a matter of reaching out to the relevant organizations at the university.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Anybody can take care of that. Yeah, I'll do that part engineering doing those complex stuff sort of perfect.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And the websites, Jay, can I ask you to also take care of those websites. Yeah, correct.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And then advertising.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I will reach out to Emily about the website. Since I've already talked to her about the mailing list.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I've made websites for like little Mcmaster things before, so I could do that unless there's some easy way to just put it on. Well, my hope is that it's just going to be looking like one of the other seminar webs. That'd be very right. Because that should be.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: It's very official. It looks very official. If Emily is going to tell us. No, we're not allowed to have a website anywhere attached to this, I have a server. It's got enough space to hold to host a website
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So I don't know about a separate website, but certainly within my domain. And so we could, we could host it on. Yeah, I think, like, the summer summer side is not that hard? It's just kind of weekly update. What we're gonna have for next week's workshops. Exactly. That should be straightforward. The website is just kind of like a summary, like what we have and where to find all the resources should be not that hard.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: This is why I think we would want the sharepoint, because I think, Sharepoint, you can share that information publicly, but in the onedrive folder you can only share with people you've shared like. Have you ever considered teams like a teams channel? Oh, I hate teams. I know why you hate it works for industrial people, but also like, it's a good way to share all the things and keep that. Okay, yeah, I get annoyed by the notification.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: But certainly, if it's effective, we will. Let's use it. You know, we should have multiple means. And it's also have like building connections to onedrive. This is true. Yeah, that's true. So it should. It should be much easier than to get those things up. So then we'll start up a teams as well.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'll probably throw that into the email when I ask Emily about the website, right? And then the general context.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I'll I'll keep thinking of who we're supposed to talk to about that. But I think the main, the main ones I've already sent out the 1st emails to. I think the one we're missing is the library the library should have stats and whatnot, but
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: maybe they don't parsec will also help me figure out exactly who should do what?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: who to contact. So in the email, to him about the letterhead and the faculty advisor, we will also bring up.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Who else should we be talking to at this stage?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think that covers everything.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Alright.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think, then, that's going to wrap up our agenda. We still have 3 other business. Is there other business that we would like to discuss?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Is there business in 2 that we didn't get to?
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: And does anybody want to revisit one again.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Alright! I think that's good, then. Doesn't sound like we've got other business. Sounds like we're satisfied with the mission statement and schedule of events.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Don't know when we'll be able to meet again. Don't know if we'll need to until we've got more things set up.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I think like the good idea is like we call like, set up a schedule for our meeting in a regular basis. So pushing everyone to working on that right? Okay, great. So like, are we
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: 2 or 3 weeks? Okay, 2 or 3 weeks? Yeah, that should work same time.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Yeah. Okay. Friday, 1, 30, probably 3 weeks is going to be a bit more manageable for people over the summer, and we're also going to have to have a hybrid options, I think, because conferences are coming up. I know I'll be away at several points in time. We should also establish a forum. Then how many people can we have at one time to establish an agenda and events that we
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and items on the agenda and get things agreed upon.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: I would say, since we're 4, 3, it's 50 plus one.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: So if there's 3 of us that can meet, they meet.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Figure this out and go from there.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: That sound good. Okay, next meeting, we should probably figure out stricter rules of order and all of this stuff. So it's something we'll want to start thinking about.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Because if this does take off, then you know, we'll need some kind of structure going forward.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: How does that sound? So? Then, 1st order of business on the next agenda is going to be rules of order.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay? I move that we adjourn the meeting.
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: Okay, didn't get direct
mccoidc@mcmaster.ca: and.